docs: notification service configuration (#219)
commitdev/zero-aws-eks-stack: doc-site/docs/components/kubernetes/notification-service.md

- SMS capabilities
  - twillio

## REST API
The API is defined using OpenAPI 3.0 and you explore the service details by
- viewing the [API specs yaml file][notification-api-specs] or
- with any compatible tools such as [Swagger Editor][browse-api-spec]

## Configuring
By default Zero uses helm to bundle the service, you just need to enable the service and provide necessary API keys and it will work out of the box.
### Available values
[See helm chart][notification-available-values] for all the available values, under `application` you can set up your API keys and application related parameters.
### Setting up API keys

> API keys will be created as a Kubernetes secret. It is recommended you use `set_sensitive` in terraform similar to [this example][eks-set-sensitive-example]

Reviewer: This is not ideal, people shouldn't really need to add `set_sensitive` options to the terraform, the secrets should already exist. We're sort of working around the fact that twilio support wasn't added properly here.

> ## REST API
> The API is defined using OpenAPI 3.0 and you explore the service details by
> - viewing the [API specs yaml file][notification-api-specs] or
> - with any compatible tools such as [Swagger Editor][browse-api-spec]
> 
> ## Configuring
> By default Zero uses helm to bundle the service, you just need to enable the service and provide necessary API keys and it will work out of the box.
> ### Available values
> [See helm chart][notification-available-values] for all the available values, under `application` you can set up your API keys and application related parameters.
> ### Setting up API keys
> API keys will be created as a Kubernetes secret. It is recommended you use `set_sensitive` in terraform similar to [this example][eks-set-sensitive-example]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## REST API
The API is defined using OpenAPI 3.0 and you can explore the service details by
- viewing the [API specs yaml file][notification-api-specs] or
- with compatible tools such as [Swagger Editor][browse-api-spec]

## Configuring
By default, Zero uses Helm to bundle the service, you just need to enable it and provide necessary API keys for any services you want to use for notifications and it will work out of the box.

### Available values
[See the Helm chart][notification-available-values] for all the available configuration options. In the `application` section you can set up your API keys and application-related parameters.

### Setting up API keys
API keys will be created as a Kubernetes secret. It is recommended you use `set_sensitive` in terraform similar to [this example][eks-set-sensitive-example]

```
